Dear Sel,

Do I need to remind you that there is a 1/562 chance of falling in love with someone on any given day? I should have went straight to a supermarket to buy a lottery ticket the day I met you, because I was truly lucky to have met you, and who would have thought that it would have been through a game of touch rugby?

I could recall all the amazing things we did together, such as how we went to Vapiano and walked along the rocks near the water as we navigated our way to the Sydney Opera House, or our first official trip together outside of Sydney as we travelled to Canberra and Thredbo with James, Victoria, Carmen and Nicholas. However, I want to divert away from the standard ‘recall the past’ component and get straight into something very special. Us.

Before I met you, my priorities solely focused on me. All I thought about was myself, FIRST, everyone else came last. Yet, when you came into my life, you saw through my selfishness and envisioned a potential in me that no other person was able to see or willing to realise. You were the only daring person to take a chance on me. And it was not easy for you either. Despite our good moments, we had a lot of bad moments too, and during those bad moments, no matter how much I tried to push you away, you never seemed to stop caring for me. You never gave up on me, and that touched me.

Your tender-loving care began to grow on me, and only through your acts of kindness was I able to truly realise what it meant to love and care. The moment you took care of me when I was sick when very few people were willing to look after me touched me emotionally. I felt love that I would only ever feel back at home. With you, I felt a peace of mind and a great strengthening of my love for you. And so I began to make changes in my life.

You may not know this, but my parents said that if there is one thing they have noticed after I started dating you, it is that I have become less selfish, more loving and more caring, and that is a lesson that they are forever grateful for, all thanks to you. You have played a vital role in helping me become the person I am today; I truly could not have done this transformation without you. 

You and I have both made a lot of positive changes in our lives. We have been through so much, both good and bad, and I would not have had it any other way. You are my ‘once in a blue moon’. My pew pew in crime. My shining star. I love you with all my heart, and nothing will ever change that; so I thank you. Thank you for helping me grow, and I hope that we will continue to help each other grow in the very long future. 

It is not you versus me. It is ’us’ versus the world, and I would not have it any other way. I love you babe, and happy six months!